So we can switch gears completely now,
talk about other things
you can do on the web.
Like, for example, WebGL.
WebGL is very interesting because
actually a lot of this architecture
that we were just doing.
This kind of Redux architecture was
discovered a long, long time ago when
people were building computer graphics and
OpenGL and predecessors to it even.
So the really interesting thing though is
now we have, we've come full circle and
we have support for
doing graphics programming in web page.
Just like in building front
end applications now,
you have to do things that are very
similar like managing state and
bring about how your graphics pipeline
is going to be built on screen.
What you do have to worry even more
about than you do in most kinds of
front end dev.
Is that if you want your simulation to
run smoothly, you only have about 16 or
17 milliseconds to do everything that
you want to do in a single frame.
So anything that you want to draw has to
happen in this very short period of time,
because it's going to be happen every
single time you need to draw a new frame.
So you really want to avoid things
in WebGL, that we kind of take for
granted in a lot of other places in
programming, like doing allocations.
So for example, in your
draw function, you don't want to be like
allocating a new array every single time,
because that's gonna end up
in the garbage collector.
What you can do instead,
is you defined things at the top scope.
And which sounds really messy and
wrong, but it's actually fine.
It's a very pragmatic trade
off you have to make,
if you want things to run really fast.
You define things at the top scope that,
and
you sort of just work with those objects,
like manipulate those objects.
It's a lot.
It's even more stateful,
and even less immutable.
But performance is messy
like that sometimes, so.